hello everyone how are welcome once
again to my channel as you know I am
sad yang auriverde fashion compass
dotcom and upload a new video all
every Thursday in today's video
let's talk a little bit about how
plan our lives because I know that
many times we are singing like
that we do not have time or that we have
a lot of things to do and we do not
reaches the time and always the time in
time becomes the excuse then in
the first part of the video I'm going to
tell why it is important to plan
our life and in the second part they
I'm going to show how I plan to measure and
as marin july my agenda as the
waters and applications use in the cell phone
to organize my life and also as a
manuality of how yourselves can
create your own agenda or your own
glider and good is a super libretto
basic that we ourselves can
fix and put it super pretty then
continue with this video when we plan
our future and it's not like something super
far in four years five years but
that tomorrow in an hour that
it is also part of the future then
we have to know what we are going to do and
what is the step we are going to
and I do not know if it happens to you but
for example, when I have lists of
check it is much easier for me
how to fulfill my activities because I
I set goals and I know that on a certain day
I have to do those activities and without
import at what time I do them or that
do first that the other I know that that is
what I have to do and I love
check what I already have ready this
It is also very good because it helps us
have self-discipline and is that very many
times for not knowing how to distribute our
time in so many activities that we have
to do many times we say no
I have time I stayed short of time
I did not manage to comply and also we were
they forget things then that
it's definitely not what we want
remember that to plan your life and your
activities it is very important that you have
an integral vision of everything that
you have to do for example do
exercise or work or study or your
personal relationships all that is super
important and you have to give equal
importance to plan we have to be
very realistic and know the resources that
we have for example look at our money
or our time or our disposition
because that's going to make us have a lot
more successful when it comes to planning our
life and sometimes for example it happens to me
that I have a task for a month and
so I let that happen and that
spend time and like two days
before handing over the task because I already
he caught the afternoon and I do not know what to do
then I have to run and the
pressure stress like sweat tears and
blood to accomplish the task and
really that's not what we want and
finally it is essential that we do
lists of things that we will forget
when I have many things of the
that I have to remember, I feel like a
permanent stress that is not going to
forget and that I have to do it and
when I'm going to do it but when I
I feel what I write I organize my ideas and
I know at what time and do everything all
It's much easier and I'm free because
I feel that on paper I have my backing
the first application that I want them
show is in class here I administer all
my university life and I have the
notebooks of all semesters by the
I've been there I can put the
matters and for example here I am going to
show this where I have the whole state
of my teachers with the phones
emails in case I need it and
I also make the annotations of the
classes how to overcome
an ordinary notebook and I
classified by subject, I can also
put images voice notes and also
is this part where he administered my
partial tasks of evaluations good
whatever it is I can prioritize or
I can post comments and I can also
put an alarm to organize my
notebook or that is very basic I will
start designing some gliders
weekly I really like to know how
what do I have to do every week day to
day and then I designed these but in
internet there are so many of you
You can find there and get off
print them then print it the size
of my notebook and now I'm going to
show what we are going to do then
occupy markers a super notebook
I love this little one because
frida kahlo gliders to print
and some post-it to put them somebody
as you can see is a basic notebook
white totally have nothing nothing
decorated but that's what we're going to
do
in the back I'm going to start
gluing the gliders that print
week by week
in order to be much more organized and
know what I have to do every day what
same I'll do with the other and so I'll
paying and paying until it ends in
the final part of my notebook I'm going to put
some post-it I took from a notebook
super ugly that they gave me in a bank
but now I'm going to put it in my
notebook to have them at hand and not
love me with so many things like that
complicated these post and here and in the
part of forward I'm going to start
write little things that I need
constantly by member here I'm going to
write all the ideas that I have for
the videos so I do not forget and
know what to do each week with
information bring to you
and on the second page I'm going to put ideas
about what I can write on my blog
many times you are processing appointments
and this application is called some the
christ and I do checklists in my
cellular or on my ipad with my computer
everything that has synchronized I can
share them and then I'm passing the
activities in an organized way to me
glider to know what to do every day
here I am putting ideas of videos or of
post for the blog and that's how a
announcement gives me good has been all for the
today's video I hope you liked it
lot and that it is extremely important that
put it into practice and they no longer take
is the excuse that we have no time no
we know what to do because we plan our
life is super easy and super rich for
that gives us much more of the time of
we optimize our life and we can do
many and many more things remember that
as always I wait for you in my networks
social on facebook twitter on
instagram where you find me as
fashion compass and remember that as
I always wait for you on my blog
compass fashion dot